From this week's reading on Graceful Degradation vs Progressive Enhancement, 
what are some examples by which you would degrade and/or enhance an application and/or its features?

Demonstrate your understanding of the material by:

 - An example for why/when you would degrade a feature
 - An example of how you would enhance a feature progressively

As it relates to features you're working on in your final project or in-class app, submit 2 responses
    addressing the perceived (or realized) benefits to doing either one as part of your response.

1. 
     - An example for why/when you would degrade a feature
        - For getting started with our login feature, maybe we just grab our code from MSSE661, 
            as it says in the reading, "to retrotfit an old product and you don't have the 
            time ... to replace it." And then we downgrade to plain HTML the logic within PHP 
            that our old code has, until we get a chance to update that code to node.js, 
            express and our other backend logic engines. 
     - An example of how you would enhance a feature progressively
        - The base idea of creating a character sheet does not require the ability to import/export .json
            files of those sheets. You could get the full use of the webapp by simply using it 
            on a mobile device, for example, logged in through your browser.
            However, a desktop computer and laptop are usually easier to navigate downloadable files, etc.,
            so you could progressively upgrade the feature by allowing these character sheets to be downloadable
            as some sort of json file or user-unreadable format to save off teh site and not
            require an internet connection, or batch upload lots of non-player characters, etc.

2. 
     - An example for why/when you would degrade a feature
        - 
     - An example of how you would enhance a feature progressively
        - 

Group project:
    - Login
        - Password
        - Registration
    - Post recipes
    - Filter recipes 

Personal project:
    - Login
    - Create character
    - Modify character data 

***

Graceful degradation: "Providing an alternative version of your functionality or 
making the user aware of shortcomings of a product as a safety measure to ensure that the product
is usable."

Progressive enhancement: "Startign with a baseline of usable functionality, then increasing the
richness of the user experience step by step by testing for support for enhancements before
applying them." [Similar to the concept of Test-Driven Development.]

"We can't expect anything of the setup or ability of our end users." "Our experience of the web
as developers is totally different to the one of the people we want to reach."

"There is no mandatory upgrade of technologies to reach content on the internet."
(tell that to my 2008 laptop that simply can't handle most sites on Chrome anymore...
Or to anyone still insisting on using Internet Explorer or Edge...
Netscape anyone?)

Graceful degradation will "provide a certain level of user experience in more modern browsers," 
    " but it will also degreade gracefully to a lower level of user experience in older browsers." 
    "This lower level is not as nice to use ... but it does still provide ... the basic functionality that they came to your site to use"

Progressive enhancement ... "starts by establishing a basic level of user experience that all browsers will 
    be able to provide when rendering your web site, but you also build in more advanced functionality  
    that will automatically be available to browsers that can use it." 

Text to end user about why they can't use something vs. controlling their experience 
(not even letting them know something isn't available if it isn't)

I really like the Progressive enhancement solution to the Print This Page button...

"We never promise the user an interface element that doesn't work--instead we only show it when
it does work"

(this article is dated, with it's Blackberry, GPRS and paid GPS references)

Progressive enhancement: "Regardless of environment and ability, you deliver a product that works."


